# Run the application
npm install \n
npm start

# Code-Reviewer-Bot Part 2 API Description

## Overview
The Part 2 API of the code-reviewer-bot is designed to analyze code changes using OpenAI's GPT-4 model. It serves as a critical component in automating the code review process by providing AI-generated insights into code quality and suggested improvements directly into the development workflow.

## Functionality
### 1. Receive Code Snippets
This endpoint is responsible for receiving data about code changes, including commit IDs and the actual snippets of code that have been modified. 

### 2. Code Analysis
It sends these snippets to GPT-4, which then analyzes the code according to the instructions specified in the prompts.

### 3. Generate AI-Based Reviews
GPT-4 provides feedback on the code, which might include suggestions for improvement, error detection, or optimizations.

### 4. Return Reviews
The API collects the feedback from GPT-4 and prepares it to be integrated back into the development workflow, typically as comments on pull requests.

## Technical Components
- **OpenAI Integration**: Utilizes the OpenAI API to access GPT-4 for processing the code snippets.
- **Endpoint Setup**: Developed with Node.js and Express, this component listens for POST requests that carry the code changes and handles them accordingly.
- **Error Handling**: Implements robust mechanisms to handle potential errors such as API rate limits, data format issues, or communication failures.

## Workflow Integration
- **From Part 1 to Part 2**: Data processed by Part 1 (webhook receiver) is forwarded to this API, including details about file modifications and code patches.
- **Feedback Loop**: The reviews generated by GPT-4 are posted back as automated comments on GitHub pull requests or commits, aiding developers with real-time insights.

## Benefits
- **Enhanced Code Quality**: Helps maintain high standards of code quality through automated reviews.
- **Efficiency**: Reduces the manual effort required in code reviews, allowing human reviewers to focus on more complex aspects.
- **Learning and Improvement**: Provides developers with timely feedback on their code, promoting continuous improvement in coding practices.


# For Token
Pass the GPT token.

# Setup .env file
- **GPT_TOKEN=GPTModelToken**
- **GPT_MODEL=GPTModelName**
- **GITHUB_TOKEN=GitHubToken**

# API Docs
https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/33205095/2sA3BoZWXv

# API Endpoint URL
https://bh4ibqapz8.execute-api.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/production/api
